the fate of the universe lies in your
shoulders now whatever you do don't push
this but cuz that will set off the bomb
immediately and we'll all be dead
now repeat back what I just said
conquer it no now that's the button it
will kill everyone try again
conquer mm-hmm okay uh-huh
conquer No Showtime a-holes up
[Music]
for you spaceship
man
does anybody have any paper out there I
want to put some tape over the death
button nobody has any tape
not a single person has paid you have an
atomic bomb in your bag if anybody's
gonna have tape it's you I have to do it
for you that's a really bad sign
if I touch someone I can feel their
feelings your feel yeah yeah I guess
yeah I feel a general unselfish love for
somebody no sexual no no I don't for ha
no ha ha ha
see you stole everyone your deepest
darkest secret dude come on I think
you're overreacting a little
you must be so embarrassed ha ha ha ha
ha Mickey
definitely